I have contacted the start-up.
Sotheby's in the Islands
It is speculated that this energy stone
The highest auction price to date will be launched
I took such a big bait
I don't know how to kill the game, it's an admission, you kid
Have you released all the excellent news about the child?
It has been arranged.
I believe that even if Chen Xiaodao knows this is a trap
For his grandfather's body
He will go without hesitation
The World of Soldiers
I give you such a generous gift
Please don't betray my trust.
Restored nib displays priceless energy stone
This energy stone comes from ancient outer space
Can repair human function with its own magnetic field
And wouldn't it be great for my grandfather's recovery?
I am Qinglong
Help me answer the Chinese Medicine Sacred Hand Master Jiang
Hello, Master Jiang.
I'm Chen Xiaodao.
I would like to consult with you.
This energy stone restores my grandfather's body
Is that helpful?
Knife, this energy stone is a treasure
It not only restores the body
You can live longer.
Also take care of your muscles
Meridian repair is also useful
Thank you, Master Jiang
Looks like I'm going to the Cuman Islands